well might be a bit ambitious aiming for
a gold medal haul of not at the World
Championships but I tell you what
they'll give it their their best shot
you can bet your life and let's hope
that they come up with some good results
against the world's best in the the
championships to come we'll be back to
wrap up here in New Delhi after the
artistic gymnastics competitions
excellent reward for effort its middle
presentation time for the final two
events on our program women's Fleur
Australia taking silver and bronze here
Imogen cans of England denying Lauren
Mitchell what would have been an
outstanding record of five gold medals
but as you heard Lauren in a brief few
words that we managed to get with her
prior to the start of the men's high bar
competition she's not disappointed she's
delirious she's happy with four gold and
a silver she's given it her best and
there's produced an outstanding result
for Australia and they will see the two
Australians flanking the English gymnast
Imogen Cannes and it is nice to see the
medals shared around it's not
particularly good when one country
dominates so much except for the country
dominating but it's very healthy to see
Imogen cairns coming up and winning yet
another gold medal against the
Australians and showing it's not just a
one-sided contest and there's Ashley
Brennan the second individual
Commonwealth Games medal the first one
coming four years ago in Melbourne the
silver on the floor and she's followed
up with now a bronze on the floor a
beautiful floor worker and a well
deserved medal
well you couldn't ask for more from an
athlete then Lauren Mitchell has
produced here in New Delhi she led from
the front right from the outset of the
competition when the Australian girls
took the team's gold and backed up to
qualify for or after winning the
all-around back up to qualify and
contest three individual finals
producing two more gold and a silver
well look so well and imogen cans save
the day for England no doubt about that
four gold medals between them cans
winning the vault in Melbourne four
years ago returned to defend that title
here in New Delhi and takes out the gold
for floor as well and a performance
tonight was just beautiful
she had style she'd class and the
difficulty and she performed it so well
today
I'm sure it hasn't escaped your
attention but in five days of
competition here we've heard only two
national anthems we've heard the
Australian national anthem on nine
occasions the England national anthem on
four occasions but shortly we're going
to be hearing the Cypriot national
anthem that will be for most I think a
reasonably novel experience but a great
result for them in the final event of
the competition for Demetrius crassius
to take at the men's high bar
competition
and so just the one middle presentation
ceremony to come to conclude the
festivities and festivities is the right
word this competition has been conducted
with extraordinary remarkable goodwill
and sportsmanship and as I've said a
couple of on a couple of occasions you
can't fail to have noticed in the
background shots the various competition
platforms whilst waiting for scores to
go up you see in the background
competitors vying with each other for
the medals